README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="120" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[circleci-image]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master?token=abc123def456
[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/common.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master" target="_blank"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#9" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg" alt="Donate us"/></a>
    <a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"  target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20us-Open%20Collective-41B883.svg" alt="Support us"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow" alt="Follow us on Twitter"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

# Nerdery - Nodejs Final challenge

Requirements:

```jsx
# Homework

### Build your tiny API store.
You can choose the target of your business, be creative!.
**Examples:** snack store, pet store, drug store.

## Technical Requirements
* PostgreSql
	** Kysely / Drizzle
	** Prisma
* NestJS
* Typescript
* Prettier
* Eslint

## Mandatory Features
1. Authentication endpoints (sign up, sign in, sign out, forgot, reset password)
2. List products with pagination
3. Search products by category
4. Add 2 kinds of users (Manager, Client)
5. As a Manager I can:
    * Create products
    * Update products
    * Delete products
    * Disable products
    * Show clients orders
    * Upload images per product.
6. As a Client I can:
    * See products 
    * See the product details
    * Buy products
    * Add products to cart
    * Like products
    * Show my order
7. The product information(included the images) should be visible for logged and not logged users
8. Stripe Integration for payment (including webhooks management) 

## Mandatory Implementations
Schema validation for environment variables
Usage of global exception filter
Usage of guards, pipes (validation)
Usage of custom decorators
Configure helmet, cors, rate limit (this last one for reset password feature)

## Extra points
* Implement resolve field in graphQL queries (if apply)
* When the stock of a product reaches 3, notify the last user that liked it and not purchased the product yet with an email. 
  Use a background job and make sure to include the products image in the email.
* Send an email when the user changes the password
* Deploy on Heroku

## Notes: 

Requirements to use Rest: 
* Authentication endpoints (sign up, sign in, sign out, forgot, reset password)
* Stripe Integration for payment (including webhooks management)

Requirements to use Graph: 
* The ones not included in the block above

```

# GamingStore - E-Commerce Platform

**GamingStore** is a modern e-commerce platform designed to provide a seamless online shopping experience for electronics enthusiasts. Whether you're looking for the latest laptops, high-performance computers, cutting-edge monitors, or other electronic accessories, our store has you covered.

## Tech Stack

This project leverages modern technologies for both frontend and backend development:  
- **Backend**: [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/), [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/), [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)  
- **Authentication**: JSON Web Tokens (JWT)  
- **Deployment**: Docker, AWS, or similar  

## Progress

This section tracks the progress of the project by listing completed and pending tasks for each development branch.

## Main Branches and Tasks

### `main`
- [x] Initialize project with `NestJS`.  
- [ ] Deploy initial version to production. 

---

### `feature/environment`
- [x] Configure environment variables using `.env` files.  
- [x] Integrate Prisma for database ORM.  
- [x] Set up Docker for development and production environments.  
- [x] Create documentation for setting up local environments.  
- [x] Add validation for environment variables.  

---

### `feature/database-design`
- [X] Define initial database schema using Prisma.    
- [X] Implement migrations to sync schema with the database.    
- [X] Document schema relationships and data flow for developers.  
- [X] Test database queries using Prisma Client.   

---

### `feature/register-user`
- [X] **Implement business logic for user creation**
  - [X] Add a service function to:
    - Validate input data (`name`, `email`, `password`).
    - Hash the password using `bcrypt`.
    - Save the user to the database.
  - [X] Handle common errors:
    - Duplicate email.
    - Invalid input.

- [X] **Implement the `POST /auth/register` endpoint**
  - [X] Add the route for user creation.
  - [X] Create a controller to:
    - Validate incoming requests using a schema (e.g., Joi or Zod).
    - Call the service to create the user.
    - Return appropriate responses (e.g., `201 Created`, `400 Bad Request`, `409 Conflict`).
  - [X] Ensure the password is not exposed in the response.

- [X] **Validate input data**
  - [X] Define validation rules for:
    - `name`: Required, non-empty string.
    - `email`: Required, valid email format, unique.
    - `password`: Required, at least 8 characters.

---

### `feature/login-user`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /auth/login` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for user login.
  - [x] Create a controller to:
    - Validate incoming requests with a schema (e.g., email and password are required).
    - Call the authentication service.
    - Return appropriate responses (`200 OK` on success, `401 Unauthorized` for invalid credentials).

- [x] **Add authentication service**
  - [x] Create a function to handle authentication:
    - Validate the user's email and password.
    - Retrieve the user from the database by email.
    - Compare the provided password with the stored hashed password using `bcrypt`.
    - Generate a JSON Web Token (JWT) for successful authentication.
  - [x] Handle errors:
    - User not found.
    - Password does not match.

- [x] **Define login input validation**
  - [x] Add validation rules for:
    - `email`: Required, valid email format.
    - `password`: Required, non-empty string.

---

### `feature/sign-out`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /auth/logout` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for user logout.
  - [x] Add a controller to:
    - Return a `200 OK` response.
  - [x] If using JWT:
    - Implement token invalidation by:
      - Storing blacklisted tokens in a database or in-memory cache.
      - Returning a success response after invalidation.

---

### `feature/forgot-password`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /auth/forgot-password` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for initiating the password reset process.
  - [x] Add a controller to:
    - Validate the provided email.
    - Look up the user by email in the database.
    - Generate a secure reset token (e.g., UUID or a random string).
    - Store the reset token and its expiration (e.g., `reset_password_token` and `reset_password_expires_at`) in the database.
    - Send an email with the reset token and instructions for resetting the password.

- [x] **Set up secure token generation**
  - [x] Use a library like `crypto` or `uuid` to generate unique, secure tokens.
  - [x] Configure the expiration time for reset tokens (e.g., 15 minutes or 1 hour).

- [ ] **Send the reset email**
  - [ ] Integrate an email service (e.g., SendGrid, Nodemailer) to send the reset link.
  - [x] Include the token and instructions in the email, such as:
    ```
    Click the link below to reset your password:
    https://app.com/reset-password?token=<RESET_TOKEN>
    ```

---

### `feature/reset-password`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /reset-password` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for resetting the password.
  - [x] Add a controller to:
    - Validate the reset token and check its expiration.
    - Look up the user by the token in the database.
    - Validate the new password (e.g., minimum length, complexity).
    - Hash the new password using `bcrypt`.
    - Update the user's password in the database.
    - Clear the reset token and expiration fields from the database.

- [x] **Add validation for input data**
  - [x] Ensure the `reset_token` is valid and not expired.
  - [x] Validate the new password against security requirements (e.g., at least 8 characters).

- [x] **Secure the password reset process**
  - [x] Use a strong hashing algorithm like `bcrypt` to hash the new password.
  - [x] Immediately invalidate the reset token after use to prevent reuse.

---

### `feature/product-crud`

- [x] **Get All Products**
  - [x] Define a `products` query in the GraphQL schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to fetch and return all products.
  - [x] Add a service method to retrieve the product list from the database.

- [x] **Get Product by ID**
  - [x] Define a `product(id: ID!)` query in the GraphQL schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to fetch and return a product by its ID.
  - [x] Add a service method to find the product in the database.

- [x] **Create Product**
  - [x] Define a `createProduct(input: CreateProductInput!)` mutation in the schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to handle the mutation.
  - [x] Add a service method to insert the product into the database.
  - [x] Validate inputs (e.g., name, price > 0, stock ≥ 0).

- [x] **Update Product**
  - [x] Define an `updateProduct(id: ID!, input: UpdateProductInput!)` mutation in the schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to handle the mutation.
  - [x] Add a service method to update the product in the database.
  - [x] Validate inputs (e.g., price > 0, stock ≥ 0).

- [x] **Delete Product**
  - [x] Define a `deleteProduct(id: ID!)` mutation in the schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to handle the mutation.
  - [x] Add a service method to delete the product from the database.

---


## `feature/add-to-cart`
- [x] **Implement the `addToCart` mutation**
  - [x] Define the GraphQL schema:
    - Add a `mutation addToCart(userId: ID!, productId: ID!, quantity: Int!): CartDetail`.
  - [x] Create a resolver for:
    - Validating the input (product ID and quantity).
    - Returning the updated cart detail.
    - Returning appropriate error responses for invalid input or product not found.
  - [x] Add service logic to:
    - Check if the product exists.
    - Verify stock availability.
    - Add or update the product quantity in the cart.
  - [x] Update the `CartDetail` model:
    - Create or update entries for `userId`, `productId`, and `quantity`.
- [x] **Add validations and edge cases**
  - [x] Ensure product stock is sufficient for the requested quantity.
  - [x] Handle cases where the user or product does not exist.
  - [ ] Prevent negative or zero quantities from being added.

**Note**: Tasks marked as `[x]` are completed. Use `[ ]` for pending tasks and update this list as you progress.  

---
**Note**: Tasks marked as `[x]` are completed. Use `[ ]` for pending tasks and update this list as you progress.  


## Project setup

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Deployment

When you're ready to deploy your NestJS application to production, there are some key steps you can take to ensure it runs as efficiently as possible. Check out the [deployment documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com/deployment) for more information.

If you are looking for a cloud-based platform to deploy your NestJS application, check out [Mau](https://mau.nestjs.com), our official platform for deploying NestJS applications on AWS. Mau makes deployment straightforward and fast, requiring just a few simple steps:

```bash
$ npm install -g mau
$ mau deploy
```

With Mau, you can deploy your application in just a few clicks, allowing you to focus on building features rather than managing infrastructure.

## Resources

Check out a few resources that may come in handy when working with NestJS:

- Visit the [NestJS Documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com) to learn more about the framework.
- For questions and support, please visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy).
- To dive deeper and get more hands-on experience, check out our official video [courses](https://courses.nestjs.com/).
- Deploy your application to AWS with the help of [NestJS Mau](https://mau.nestjs.com) in just a few clicks.
- Visualize your application graph and interact with the NestJS application in real-time using [NestJS Devtools](https://devtools.nestjs.com).
- Need help with your project (part-time to full-time)? Check out our official [enterprise support](https://enterprise.nestjs.com).
- To stay in the loop and get updates, follow us on [X](https://x.com/nestframework) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/nestjs).
- Looking for a job, or have a job to offer? Check out our official [Jobs board](https://jobs.nestjs.com).

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://twitter.com/kammysliwiec)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: available product use case added

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="120" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[circleci-image]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master?token=abc123def456
[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/common.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master" target="_blank"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#9" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg" alt="Donate us"/></a>
    <a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"  target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20us-Open%20Collective-41B883.svg" alt="Support us"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow" alt="Follow us on Twitter"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

# Nerdery - Nodejs Final challenge

Requirements:

```jsx
# Homework

### Build your tiny API store.
You can choose the target of your business, be creative!.
**Examples:** snack store, pet store, drug store.

## Technical Requirements
* PostgreSql
	** Kysely / Drizzle
	** Prisma
* NestJS
* Typescript
* Prettier
* Eslint

## Mandatory Features
1. Authentication endpoints (sign up, sign in, sign out, forgot, reset password)
2. List products with pagination
3. Search products by category
4. Add 2 kinds of users (Manager, Client)
5. As a Manager I can:
    * Create products
    * Update products
    * Delete products
    * Disable products
    * Show clients orders
    * Upload images per product.
6. As a Client I can:
    * See products 
    * See the product details
    * Buy products
    * Add products to cart
    * Like products
    * Show my order
7. The product information(included the images) should be visible for logged and not logged users
8. Stripe Integration for payment (including webhooks management) 

## Mandatory Implementations
Schema validation for environment variables
Usage of global exception filter
Usage of guards, pipes (validation)
Usage of custom decorators
Configure helmet, cors, rate limit (this last one for reset password feature)

## Extra points
* Implement resolve field in graphQL queries (if apply)
* When the stock of a product reaches 3, notify the last user that liked it and not purchased the product yet with an email. 
  Use a background job and make sure to include the products image in the email.
* Send an email when the user changes the password
* Deploy on Heroku

## Notes: 

Requirements to use Rest: 
* Authentication endpoints (sign up, sign in, sign out, forgot, reset password)
* Stripe Integration for payment (including webhooks management)

Requirements to use Graph: 
* The ones not included in the block above

```

# GamingStore - E-Commerce Platform

**GamingStore** is a modern e-commerce platform designed to provide a seamless online shopping experience for electronics enthusiasts. Whether you're looking for the latest laptops, high-performance computers, cutting-edge monitors, or other electronic accessories, our store has you covered.

## Tech Stack

This project leverages modern technologies for both frontend and backend development:  
- **Backend**: [NestJS](https://nestjs.com/), [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/), [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)  
- **Authentication**: JSON Web Tokens (JWT)  
- **Deployment**: Docker, AWS, or similar  

## Progress

This section tracks the progress of the project by listing completed and pending tasks for each development branch.

## Main Branches and Tasks

### `main`
- [x] Initialize project with `NestJS`.  
- [ ] Deploy initial version to production. 

---

### `feature/environment`
- [x] Configure environment variables using `.env` files.  
- [x] Integrate Prisma for database ORM.  
- [x] Set up Docker for development and production environments.  
- [x] Create documentation for setting up local environments.  
- [x] Add validation for environment variables.  

---

### `feature/database-design`
- [X] Define initial database schema using Prisma.    
- [X] Implement migrations to sync schema with the database.    
- [X] Document schema relationships and data flow for developers.  
- [X] Test database queries using Prisma Client.   

---

### `feature/register-user`
- [X] **Implement business logic for user creation**
  - [X] Add a service function to:
    - Validate input data (`name`, `email`, `password`).
    - Hash the password using `bcrypt`.
    - Save the user to the database.
  - [X] Handle common errors:
    - Duplicate email.
    - Invalid input.

- [X] **Implement the `POST /auth/register` endpoint**
  - [X] Add the route for user creation.
  - [X] Create a controller to:
    - Validate incoming requests using a schema (e.g., Joi or Zod).
    - Call the service to create the user.
    - Return appropriate responses (e.g., `201 Created`, `400 Bad Request`, `409 Conflict`).
  - [X] Ensure the password is not exposed in the response.

- [X] **Validate input data**
  - [X] Define validation rules for:
    - `name`: Required, non-empty string.
    - `email`: Required, valid email format, unique.
    - `password`: Required, at least 8 characters.

---

### `feature/login-user`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /auth/login` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for user login.
  - [x] Create a controller to:
    - Validate incoming requests with a schema (e.g., email and password are required).
    - Call the authentication service.
    - Return appropriate responses (`200 OK` on success, `401 Unauthorized` for invalid credentials).

- [x] **Add authentication service**
  - [x] Create a function to handle authentication:
    - Validate the user's email and password.
    - Retrieve the user from the database by email.
    - Compare the provided password with the stored hashed password using `bcrypt`.
    - Generate a JSON Web Token (JWT) for successful authentication.
  - [x] Handle errors:
    - User not found.
    - Password does not match.

- [x] **Define login input validation**
  - [x] Add validation rules for:
    - `email`: Required, valid email format.
    - `password`: Required, non-empty string.

---

### `feature/sign-out`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /auth/logout` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for user logout.
  - [x] Add a controller to:
    - Return a `200 OK` response.
  - [x] If using JWT:
    - Implement token invalidation by:
      - Storing blacklisted tokens in a database or in-memory cache.
      - Returning a success response after invalidation.

---

### `feature/forgot-password`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /auth/forgot-password` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for initiating the password reset process.
  - [x] Add a controller to:
    - Validate the provided email.
    - Look up the user by email in the database.
    - Generate a secure reset token (e.g., UUID or a random string).
    - Store the reset token and its expiration (e.g., `reset_password_token` and `reset_password_expires_at`) in the database.
    - Send an email with the reset token and instructions for resetting the password.

- [x] **Set up secure token generation**
  - [x] Use a library like `crypto` or `uuid` to generate unique, secure tokens.
  - [x] Configure the expiration time for reset tokens (e.g., 15 minutes or 1 hour).

- [ ] **Send the reset email**
  - [ ] Integrate an email service (e.g., SendGrid, Nodemailer) to send the reset link.
  - [x] Include the token and instructions in the email, such as:
    ```
    Click the link below to reset your password:
    https://app.com/reset-password?token=<RESET_TOKEN>
    ```

---

### `feature/reset-password`
- [x] **Implement the `POST /reset-password` endpoint**
  - [x] Create the route for resetting the password.
  - [x] Add a controller to:
    - Validate the reset token and check its expiration.
    - Look up the user by the token in the database.
    - Validate the new password (e.g., minimum length, complexity).
    - Hash the new password using `bcrypt`.
    - Update the user's password in the database.
    - Clear the reset token and expiration fields from the database.

- [x] **Add validation for input data**
  - [x] Ensure the `reset_token` is valid and not expired.
  - [x] Validate the new password against security requirements (e.g., at least 8 characters).

- [x] **Secure the password reset process**
  - [x] Use a strong hashing algorithm like `bcrypt` to hash the new password.
  - [x] Immediately invalidate the reset token after use to prevent reuse.

---

### `feature/product-crud`

- [x] **Get All Products**
  - [x] Define a `products` query in the GraphQL schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to fetch and return all products.
  - [x] Add a service method to retrieve the product list from the database.

- [x] **Get Product by ID**
  - [x] Define a `product(id: ID!)` query in the GraphQL schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to fetch and return a product by its ID.
  - [x] Add a service method to find the product in the database.

- [x] **Create Product**
  - [x] Define a `createProduct(input: CreateProductInput!)` mutation in the schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to handle the mutation.
  - [x] Add a service method to insert the product into the database.
  - [x] Validate inputs (e.g., name, price > 0, stock ≥ 0).

- [x] **Update Product**
  - [x] Define an `updateProduct(id: ID!, input: UpdateProductInput!)` mutation in the schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to handle the mutation.
  - [x] Add a service method to update the product in the database.
  - [x] Validate inputs (e.g., price > 0, stock ≥ 0).

- [x] **Delete Product**
  - [x] Define a `deleteProduct(id: ID!)` mutation in the schema.
  - [x] Implement a resolver to handle the mutation.
  - [x] Add a service method to delete the product from the database.

---


## `feature/add-to-cart`
- [x] **Implement the `addToCart` mutation**
  - [x] Define the GraphQL schema:
    - Add a `mutation addToCart(userId: ID!, productId: ID!, quantity: Int!): CartDetail`.
  - [x] Create a resolver for:
    - Validating the input (product ID and quantity).
    - Returning the updated cart detail.
    - Returning appropriate error responses for invalid input or product not found.
  - [x] Add service logic to:
    - Check if the product exists.
    - Verify stock availability.
    - Add or update the product quantity in the cart.
  - [x] Update the `CartDetail` model:
    - Create or update entries for `userId`, `productId`, and `quantity`.
- [x] **Add validations and edge cases**
  - [x] Ensure product stock is sufficient for the requested quantity.
  - [x] Handle cases where the user or product does not exist.
  - [ ] Prevent negative or zero quantities from being added.

---

### `feature/product-images`  
- [ ] Ensure product information (including images) is accessible to both logged and not logged users.  
- [ ] Update the `ProductResolver` to include logic for public and authenticated queries.  
- [ ] Validate that images are properly served and permissions do not restrict visibility.  
- [ ] Test product queries for both authenticated and unauthenticated users.

---

### `feature/disable-products`  
- [ ] Add a feature to allow managers to disable products.  
- [ ] Update the product entity to include an `isActive` flag for toggling visibility.  
- [ ] Implement a mutation in the `ProductResolver` to handle product disabling.  
- [ ] Ensure disabled products are excluded from public queries.  
- [ ] Test the disable functionality and its impact on product visibility for users.

---

**Note**: Tasks marked as `[x]` are completed. Use `[ ]` for pending tasks and update this list as you progress.  


## Project setup

```bash
$ npm install
```

## Compile and run the project

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Run tests

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Deployment

When you're ready to deploy your NestJS application to production, there are some key steps you can take to ensure it runs as efficiently as possible. Check out the [deployment documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com/deployment) for more information.

If you are looking for a cloud-based platform to deploy your NestJS application, check out [Mau](https://mau.nestjs.com), our official platform for deploying NestJS applications on AWS. Mau makes deployment straightforward and fast, requiring just a few simple steps:

```bash
$ npm install -g mau
$ mau deploy
```

With Mau, you can deploy your application in just a few clicks, allowing you to focus on building features rather than managing infrastructure.

## Resources

Check out a few resources that may come in handy when working with NestJS:

- Visit the [NestJS Documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com) to learn more about the framework.
- For questions and support, please visit our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy).
- To dive deeper and get more hands-on experience, check out our official video [courses](https://courses.nestjs.com/).
- Deploy your application to AWS with the help of [NestJS Mau](https://mau.nestjs.com) in just a few clicks.
- Visualize your application graph and interact with the NestJS application in real-time using [NestJS Devtools](https://devtools.nestjs.com).
- Need help with your project (part-time to full-time)? Check out our official [enterprise support](https://enterprise.nestjs.com).
- To stay in the loop and get updates, follow us on [X](https://x.com/nestframework) and [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/nestjs).
- Looking for a job, or have a job to offer? Check out our official [Jobs board](https://jobs.nestjs.com).

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Kamil Myśliwiec](https://twitter.com/kammysliwiec)
- Website - [https://nestjs.com](https://nestjs.com/)
- Twitter - [@nestframework](https://twitter.com/nestframework)

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/blob/master/LICENSE).
